{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset222 Thonburi;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh15520\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 HI THERE!\
\
Thank you so much for choosing our work. Just want to let you know that we are appreciated.\
\
This package contains graphic and animations of 2D Zombie and Human Characters. All pivot is set. Prefab ready. Import package and you can use them right away. Great for using in a side-scrolling game.\
\
Designed to fit in Medieval theme. This package gives you\'85\
\
== Initial Artworks ==\
- 10 survivor outfits\
- 10 headdresses\
- 10 hairstyles\
- Some Face decorations\
- PLUS 13 weapons\
And 1 prefab of the character
\f1 \'92s structure
\f0 \
\
== 1 Prefab can be used with all character ==\
Customizable outfit, face, face decoration, hair, hat and weapon.\
All layered by Z position.\
\
== Outfit List ==\
1. Armor\
2. Babarian\
3. Crusade\
4. Huntsman\
5. Priest\
6. Wizard\
7.\
8.\
9.\
10.\
\
== Animation List ==\
Base Layer - Idle, run, attack, hurt, die\
Arms Layer - Idle, run, attack\
Head Layer - Idle, run, attack\
Face Layer - Idle, run, attack, hurt, talk\
\
== To customize the character ==\
Use scripts or duplicate the animations and change sprite images(just a few keyframes)\
\
PLUS, we give you all original PSD file.\
Allow you to adapt, re-design, create more character.\
\
Please don\'92t forget to rate and comment on our work. Let us know if something is bad or need to be fixed. We also listening for your request if anything you want us to do next :\}\
\
Cheers,\
mimustudio@gmail.com (Ploi)\
www.mimu-studio.com}